README.md, before:

# Final-RL-Project
The repository contains many files, many of which were used to collect data and train a variety of models. Here is a brief description of the repository.

Directories:
charts/ - Contains charts that were generated for the final report.
data/ - Contains some data collected that was used for the final report and visualized with charts.
scripts/ - Variety of scripts used to generate data and plots such as the bar chart, trajectories, and episode data.

Files:
main.py - Run this with Python with Python3.10 and the modules downloaded in the requirements file. Will train an agent missile for 500,000 time steps with
          a noisy target missile. Note the training process will take about 4 minutes to complete. A pygame window should pop up, but if it does not just look
          for it on your monitor. Note, it works better with a Linux OS.

missile_defense_env.py - The custom environment built using OpenAI's Gym framework. Modeled the rocket dynamics as a particle with restricted turn capabilities
                         and constraints on the velocity.

missile_defense_game.py - Simple game that mimmics the custom environment built. Goal is to hit the incoming missile.
                          Controls:
                                Right Arrow Key - Turn rocket clockwise
                                Left Arrow Key - Turn rocket counter clockwise
                                Up Arrow Key - Speed up missile
                                Down Arrow Key - Slow down missile

requirements.txt - All the packages needed to run the code in this repo.

Commit message:

Delete some redundant saved model files and added a little more to the readme.

README.md, after:

# Final-RL-Project
The repository contains many files, many of which were used to collect data and train a variety of models. Here is a brief description of the repository.

Directories:
charts/ - Contains charts that were generated for the final report.
data/ - Contains some data collected that was used for the final report and visualized with charts.
models/ - Contains saved models that have been trained for various length times steps on different target missile types
sprites/ - Contains small pictures used for the Pygame portion of the project
scripts/ - Variety of scripts used to generate data and plots such as the bar chart, trajectories, and episode data.

Files:
main.py - Run this with Python with Python3.10 and the modules downloaded in the requirements file. Will train an agent missile for 500,000 time steps with
          a noisy target missile. Note the training process will take about 4 minutes to complete. A pygame window should pop up, but if it does not just look
          for it on your monitor. Note, it works better with a Linux OS.

missile_defense_env.py - The custom environment built using OpenAI's Gym framework. Modeled the rocket dynamics as a particle with restricted turn capabilities
                         and constraints on the velocity.

missile_defense_game.py - Simple game that mimmics the custom environment built. Goal is to hit the incoming missile.
                          Controls:
                                Right Arrow Key - Turn rocket clockwise
                                Left Arrow Key - Turn rocket counter clockwise
                                Up Arrow Key - Speed up missile
                                Down Arrow Key - Slow down missile

requirements.txt - All the packages needed to run the code in this repo.
